Include Windows as a platform in playbooks_conditionals (#52155)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_conditionals.rst

    Slackware
    Solaris
    Suse
    Windows

> .. See `OS_FAMILY_MAP` and python platform module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Ansible checks `OS_FAMILY_MAP`; if there's no match, it returns the value of `platform.system()`.
```
